"Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.”― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
"I've never been lonely. I've been in a room -- I've felt suicidal. I've been depressed. I've felt awful -- awful beyond all -- but I never felt that one other person could enter that room and cure what was bothering me...or that any number of people could enter that room. In other words, loneliness is something I've never been bothered with because I've always had this terrible itch for solitude. It's being at a party, or at a stadium full of people cheering for something, that I might feel loneliness. I'll quote Ibsen, |The strongest men are the most alone.| I've never thought, |Well, some beautiful blonde will come in here and give me a fuck-job, rub my balls, and I'll feel good.| No, that won't help. You know the typical crowd, |Wow, it's Friday night, what are you going to do? Just sit there?| Well, yeah. Because there's nothing out there. It's stupidity. Stupid people mingling with stupid people. Let them stupidify themselves. I've never been bothered with the need to rush out into the night. I hid in bars, because I didn't want to hide in factories. That's all. Sorry for all the millions, but I've never been lonely. I like myself. I'm the best form of entertainment I have. Let's drink more wine!”― Charles Bukowski
"Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying."― Arthur C. Clarke
“All I ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.”― Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me
“Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine.”― Honoré de Balzac
“I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.”― Simone de Beauvoir